satan visits new york looking for his
new bride can a regular cop stop him
today we'll go through 1999's american
supernatural action horror movie called
end of days spoilers ahead satan will
unleash hell on earth people will die
some will survive some will cut off
their tongues it'll get weird we have
warned you this is just my opinion on
the movie and not a substitute for
watching it feel free to watch the movie
first for the whole experience i
recommend it 100
links to download and stream the film
are in the description below give the
video a quick like and subscribe to our
channel suggest any movies you'd like us
to cover in the comments or join our
discord server now let's get right into
it the movie starts in old times we're
talking about the late 70s when disco
pants were still popular in the
beginning we see this handsome old
christian man opening a chamber of
secrets and looking through an ancient
scroll the scroll seems to have a secret
which he hurries to share with his
fellow gossipers we see him run through
a literal palace but the movie's budget
was a total of a hundred million dollars
so it makes sense the environment is
intense when he shuffles into a room
full of pope look-alikes and the actual
pope in the middle the handsome old man
tells the pope that she will be born
today she who we don't know yet the pope
tells the others in pope language that
the child must be found and killed
excuse me sir i thought we were against
sinning they vaguely talk about this
girl being evil and all the pope orders
our old man tomato tomato tomas our man
tommaso to find the girl and keep her
from evil
somewhere else in a city a woman gives
birth to a little girl the doctors lie
and say she's beautiful she's covered in
blood for god's sake
the nurse then takes the infant with her
to another floor for what you ask to
feed her snake blood i'm not even
kidding the doctors in the room seem to
be a part of a demonic
satanic extremely weird cult we also
notice that the girl was born with an
arm tattoo after they're done the nurse
takes the infant back to her mother
unknown to the satanic ritual her
daughter has just been a victim of the
mother takes her child back she names
the baby christine a lot of time passes
and now it's the late 90s
1999 december 28th to be exact no more
disco pens the world is excited to
welcome the coming of the new century
the conspiracy theorists do what they're
best at spread rumors about the world
ending we see two construction workers
doing their jobs in the streets of new
york when suddenly everything goes shaky
shaky and everyone goes oh my god it's
an earthquake the workers start to run
for their lives when somehow everything
starts to explode from the flames comes
out an invisible something who i believe
is satan he goes into a fancy restaurant
and troubles a man in the restroom when
the man dies satan takes over his body
so anyways the now satan person comes
out of the restroom and starts to make
out with a lady satanic behavior at its
peak he casually walks out of the place
which explodes into flames right after
oh this man is kinda cool the scene then
cuts to a rusty looking apartment where
a man holds himself at gunpoint before
he can pull the trigger his friend walks
in with coffee
you're welcome suicide plan postponed
for coffee the friend pulls the blinds
down and we see the man is arnold
schwarzenegger
although he was nominated for the razzy
worst actor award for this movie so
let's keep our expectations low arnold
is playing a former police detective
jericho cain whose daughter and wife
were killed by a contract killer he's
going to provide security for someone
from wall street while at work he does
the normal men in black things talking
in codes through a walkie-talkie wait
who is that anyway jericho's client is
satan from earlier he saves his client
from being shot by an assassin but gets
shot himself of course he doesn't die
one he's arnold schwarzenegger and two
he has a bulletproof vest on he pursues
the assassin in a helicopter that he
boards while it's still in midair then
he jumps out of the helicopter and hangs
with the man mid-air after some flying
bullets and running through the streets
of new york city jericho finally catches
the man who seems to be on the verge of
death himself the man accuses jericho of
setting loose the dark angel or
something like that the old man's a
nutcase jericho realizes this and shoots
him in the legs
while searching his body for evidence he
finds an empty wallet same old man same
later a police detective calls jericho a
lunatic for claiming that the old man
assassin talked to him because it turns
out he has no tongue after a lot of
investigating jericho and his friend
reach an abandoned house-like building
with crosses and other symbols drawn on
walls jericho finds something inside a
jar which surprise surprise is the man's
tongue his friend then discovers a
picture of a girl inside a jar inside a
fridge weird placement the police
detectives get there right on time to be
suspicious of the two they informed them
that the assassin was a priest who
vanished some months ago the scene then
changes to a girl traveling on a train
and wait this man is here too the creep
from earlier stands in front of the girl
and calls her christine christine the
snake blood feeding baby man she has
grown up as christine touches the man to
get him away from her he breaks yes his
body breaks into pieces christine
screams in fear but everyone is looking
at her like she's a maniac that's my
biggest fear being pursued by satan easy
public embarrassment no sir christine
then returns back to her mansion turns
out she's rich she calls her therapist
to tell him about the events he asks her
to take medicine and sleep easy peasy
while investigating jericho goes to the
assassin priest's church where the other
priest gives him a vague answer about
the 1000 years ending then we see our
satan visit christine's therapist he's
been plotting this for years and
everyone around christine is just
preserving her for him satan goes inside
the therapist's house who introduces him
to his wife and daughter in the
following scene we see them um sinning
if you know what i mean next he visits
the old assassin priest in the hospital
and well kills him mercilessly look at
the face that has haunted your dreams
for a thousand years by mercilessly i
mean engraving bible verses on his back
and then impaling him to the ceiling the
police find the name christine york on
the assassin's back jericho quickly
figures out her address and goes to meet
her meanwhile christine is at her
mansion when she discovers her father
died in a bathtub some men enter the
house and grab her one of them i assume
their leader starts citing bible verses
indicating their priests they're here to
kill the girl and end the evil the same
thing priests in the movie have been
talking about but our hero is there just
in time jericho gets into a shootout
with the priests and saves the girl he
gets a bible-like holy book from the
shelf and matches the priest necklace
with a picture in it the bible says
they're the good guys you know christine
is in trouble when even the good guys
want to kill her outside our very own
satan kills jericho's friend the
explosion alerts the two
let's get out of here
satan walks inside through the flames
and both christine and jericho seem to
recognize him they run away from the man
and meet the police detectives jericho
had been working with however they too
point their guns at the girl everyone is
team satan now jericho has no way out he
kills them and takes christine to the
church you don't need that you have no
enemies here the priest there finally
explains to them what the hell is going
on so the bible said at the end of a
thousand years satan will rise from hell
again he has to bear a child with a
chosen one we all know who that is so
satan basically has to sin with
christine before the clock hits 12 on
new year's eve by doing so he'll unlock
the gate of hell jericho thinks this is
just a bunch of [ __ ] but christine
believes everything she wants to stay
with the priests of the church i think
it was a mistake to come here if the
devil does exist why doesn't your god do
anything we have to have faith
jericho cannot force her so he goes back
to his rusty apartment guess who's
waiting for him there yep satan he wants
jericho on his team because jericho has
hatred for god he despises god for
killing his family satan has an
innovative way of trying to convince
people he makes jericho hallucinate
about his family's death he promises to
bring them back from the dead if jericho
tells him where christine is but our
main boy is stubborn af
the deal doesn't seem fair enough to him
and now satan is angered but at least
jericho believes he's real now satan
throws jericho out of the window but the
main boy saves himself he even manages
to throw satan out with surprisingly
strong strength before jericho can take
a breath of relief his friend the one
who died earlier knocks at his door they
plan to meet outside the church in an
hour back at the church one of the pope
look-alike priests comes to meet
christine turns out he's there to kill
her rather than meet her the good priest
asks him to stop but he again repeats
that the girl must be killed to end the
frickin evil before he can stab her
jericho stops him right then satan
arrives at the church's door
i've come from my wife all of you are
doomed jericho takes the girl and runs
away would he always somehow manages to
do we see satan crack the pope look
alike's neck ouch jericho makes
christine get into a car with his friend
who is team satan jericho is the only
one surprised when his friend takes the
girl away in the car
then a bunch of satan's followers and
satan himself attacked jericho satan
wants him to see the end of the world so
he impales jericho alive on a building
and leaves with christine so how could
he have avoided this well first of all
fleeing from the church was a wise thing
because if they had stayed they would
definitely be killed he's satan for
god's sake however going into a dark
alleyway bad move jericho obviously got
to the church in a car they could have
taken the same car back but let's say he
came by taxi that way they would have a
better chance to run away if they had
stayed on the main road and taken a cab
the world is getting ready to celebrate
the new century i'd like to see their
faces when the world ends a random man
on the street saves jericho and brings
him to the church our main boy is saved
yay
if he wasn't in a secluded alleyway
someone could have found him sooner they
stitch his wounds and make him good as
new
he rushes to the police station and
tracks down satan's car he makes it look
easy then he goes to the place where a
bunch of weird satan followers say
things that don't make sense
[Music]
christine is made to lie down in the
front as satan circles her jericho takes
her hostage before satan can say a word
hell didn't teach him speed jericho's
friend points a gun at him but gets
emotional before shooting satan doesn't
support that and burns him to death for
disobeying him everyone runs away when
the place starts to ignite in flames
they even leave their lord and savior
satan survival instinct first demonic
cult second jericho takes christine and
runs away they end up on a working
railway track and somehow a man stops a
freaking train for them they're still
being followed by the crazy demon
followers satan stands in front of the
running train and is hit some seconds
later his hand emerges from the train's
floor did they really think getting rid
of the god of hell would be that easy
just like that and the train's driver is
gone jericho then manages to separate
the lobbies of the train and shoot satan
sending him flying like superman inside
another lobby if you look closely you
can see his ribs the entity is busted
and broken now the real satan comes out
of gabriel's body remember the invisible
thingy from the beginning of the movie
yes that jericho and christine run to a
church where he makes her hide just then
the church starts to shake the benches
fly the statues start to burn a bunch of
crap happens until the real deal satan
rises from hell a badass move he looks
kinda cool not gonna lie he strikes
jericho and somehow enters into him
just satan things christine runs over to
him thinking that they've won but little
does she know jericho has been possessed
by satan she soon realizes when he
manhandles her into the nearest table
christine yells at jericho to fight the
satan inside him and he does what else
did we expect he then takes a sword from
nearby and stabs himself just then the
new millennium starts they have won
again satan yes he is pulled out of
jericho's body and sucked into hell
again christine sees jericho's wife and
daughter come to take him maybe to
heaven we'll never know because the
movie ends there so that is how the
movie end of days goes hope you like the
video don't forget to leave a like and
comment i'll see you next time